Knowledge and learning are useful in every station; and in the higher and more important departments of life, they are absolutely and indispensably necessary. ~Benjamin Franklin
Teachers affect eternity: they can never tell where their influence stops. ~Henry Adams
What nobler employment, or more valuable to the state, than that of those who instruct the rising generation. ~Marcus Tullius Cicero
The important thing is not so much that every child should be taught, as that every child should be given the wish to learn. ~John Lubbock
Those who educate children well are more to be honored than parents, for these only gave life, those the art of living well. ~Aristotle
What office is there which involves more responsibility, which requires more qualifications, and which ought, therefore, to be more honorable than teaching? ~Harriet Martineau
By learning you will teach; by teaching you will understand. ~Latin Proverb
Education is the mother of leadership. ~Wendell L. Willkie
Seldom was any knowledge given to keep, but to impart; the grace of this rich jewel is lost in concealment. ~Bishop Hall
If you would thoroughly know anything, teach it to others. ~Tryon Edwards
We cannot hold a torch to light another's path without brightening our own. ~Ben Sweetland
Grammar speaks; dialectics teach us truth; rhetoric gives coloring to our speech; music sings; arithmetic numbers; geometry weighs and measures; astronomy teaches us to know the stars. ~Latin Maxim
To know how to suggest is the great art of teaching. ~Henri Frederic Amiel
We learn by teaching. ~James Howell
Natural ability is by far the best, but many have succeeded in winning high renown by skill that is the fruit of teaching. ~Pindar 
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge. ~Albert Einstein
The most effective teacher will always be biased, for the chief force in teaching is confidence and enthusiasm. ~Joyce Cary
Education is the guardian genius of democracy. It is the only dictator that free people recognize, and the only ruler that free people require. ~Mirabeau Buonaparte Lamar
Whatever you want to teach, be brief. ~Horace
To me, education is a leading out of what is already there in the pupil's soul. ~Muriel Spark
Nine-tenths of education is encouragement. ~Anatole France
The true aim of everyone who aspires to be a teacher should be, not to impart his own opinions, but to kindle minds. ~F. W. Robertson
He that teaches us anything which we knew not before is undoubtedly to be reverenced as a master. ~Samuel Johnson
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. ~Chinese Proverb 
Be careful to leave your children well instructed rather than rich, for the hopes of the instructed are better than the wealth of the ignorant. ~Epictetus
I am indebted to my parents for living, but to my teacher for living well. ~Alexander of Macedon
To know how to suggest is the great art of teaching. To attain it we must be able to guess what will interest: we must learn to read the childish soul as we might a piece of music. Then, by simply changing the key, we keep up the attraction and vary the song. ~Henri Frederic Amiel
Teaching is not a lost art, but the regard for it is a lost tradition. ~Jacques Barzun
Education is the transmission of civilization. ~Will Durant
To teach is to learn twice over. ~Joseph Joubert
A schoolmaster should have an atmosphere of awe, and walk wonderingly, as if amazed at being. ~Newton D. Baker
One good teacher in a lifetime may sometimes change a delinquent into a solid citizen. ~Philip Wylie
A child miseducated is a child lost. ~John F. Kennedy
A master can tell you what is expected of you. A teacher, though, awakens your own expectations. ~Patricia Neal
Establishing lasting peace is the work of education; all politics can do is keep us out of war. ~Maria Montessori
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing. ~John Powell
It is impossible for people to learn what they think they already know. ~Epictetus
Seek freedom and become captive of your desires. Seek discipline and find your liberty. ~Frank Herbert
Education is what you get when you read the fine print. Experience is what you get when you don't. ~Pete Seeger
A mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be lit. ~Plutarch
Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it. ~George Santayana
To repeat what others have said, requires education, to challenge it, requires brains. ~Mary Pettibone Poole
Study as if you were going to live forever, live as if you were going to die tomorrow. ~Maria Mitchell
The person who really thinks learns quite as much from failure as from success. ~John Dewey
It's shocking to find how many people do not believe they can learn, and how many more believe learning to be difficult. ~Frank Herbert